4.21.0 release article (#8090)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/fleet-4.21.0.md

You’ll also have the ability to bypass validation. Use a `--force` flag to bypass all validation checks and apply the given config.

In addition to validating required keys and the type of document values, Fleet makes sure the value is valid for the config option when possible. For example, Fleet now detects when `logger_tls_endpoint` is not a path starting with /. Applying such a path would prevent osquery from talking to the right Fleet instance.

## Manage osquery flags remotely with Orbit
**Available in Fleet Free and Fleet Premium**

![Manage osquery flags remotely with Orbit](../website/assets/images/articles/fleet-4.21.0.gif)

Admins used to need a software orchestration tool (e.g., Chef) to deploy new osquery flags to the end user. Now, you can specify new flags in Fleet — and Orbit will restart osquery with the appropriate flags.

Orbit regularly checks flags from Fleet according to the `distributed_interval` setting. This includes seeing if hosts belong to any teams. If a host is on one or more teams, Orbit will apply the relevant team flags. Otherise, it applies the global flag set.

> Team flag sets override global flag sets. The system does not merge team and global options, as was the case in the previous version of Fleet. The `overrides` setting does not accommodate `command_line_flags`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fleet Premium users can specify unique flags for each team. A team's flags override all flags set at the global level. Fleet does not merge the two sets of flags.
```

Proposed simplification.
